Reorganize security documentation [DOCS-104] (#1263)
hazelcast/hz-docs: docs/modules/security/pages/enabling-security.adoc

= Enabling Security
:page-enterprise: true
:page-aliases: enabling-jaas.adoc

With Hazelcast's extensible security feature, you can:

* authenticate both cluster members and clients
* and perform access control checks on client operations.

> Access control can be done according to roles assigned to clients

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Access can be controlled based on roles assigned to clients
```
